you guys didn't for cheap reliable place
to get your coins fully automated in
seconds head over to foot coins to go
links are in description and use duo for
a discount yes that I was going max Iran
today where you guys are going to be
seeing is a pack opening from yesterday
with my little sister we're opening
literally so many packs and we've got
quite a flute quite a flow quite a few
blues and we also managed to get a cheek
you pull which you guys are going to see
what sisters padlock is just unreal me
she got me Ibrahimovic earlier on in the
year oh um than the pack opening move
for a while so I thought you know what
you guys pretty one see that make this
change is fing up and changes things up
a little bit make things a bit more
interesting also if we can smash 600
likes on this tomorrow I might be able
to bring you a new video about something
new that I've got and I'm really excited
to bring it to you I'm not going to say
much more but a lot of other youtubers
have been doing these sort of videos in
the community of no one actually went up
last night by another youtuber and I
watched it and I was buttered and didn't
stop talking about it but I've got a new
video tomorrow hopefully hopefully but
anyway enough of that enough of that
smash that thumbs up button if you enjoy
and I'll see you soon yes let's go I'm
accident day oh we have my little sister
Tina say hi hi basically she's gonna be
over there every single pack team of
season is that impacts and she knows
that that's why she's wearing the blue
John popper because she likes team of
seasoned players hopefully we can pack
some of the players also match backers
come out uh midnight ya think it was
midnight see ya hopefully you enjoyed /
I palms up barn until are you ready to
open some packs yes and I was very
convincing come on we spend our hundred
K and we've got nothing so far just
watch this one does watch this one oh my
so much backup he hasn't even been out
that long he's only play a few hours I
go along to him 82 pace 83 driven 86
shot 73 physical guys he looks like an
absolute beast and like you said his
orange we're sending to the phone
that's the one
oh the last day you know how good he is
it's very good it's got five star skills
I don't know it doesn't matter it just
means you can do everything with
tripping the game you know he looks like
what d isn't that ah daddy the guy's a
nigga she first going on yonex palacios
gonna say will prove that yannick fuck
oh yeah man halo of blood yo is oh
forget she knew he was I'm not going to
look at this package I'm not looking I'm
not looking tell when its open till ten
it's open with us pray let's pray let's
pray sleep what gah we got the hey boys
he's so rare do you the whole readies
yes come on without 300k down we're
pulling the Blues I have our ass
triangle sent into the club no transfer
the same thing wherever by blah good
luck is going on at the moment guys in
luck is good but what's your favorite
subject to the school hey everything to
do is there
got another one shit then where'd you go
well not to know oh nice just a blue the
people the people we tell you home gym
we got Jude please he's actually good
items what we got you first on the juice
baby you know what that means means he's
a first owner chief that's exactly what
it means you've come a goof down below
so guys in the background as you can see
now there is some of the players that I
did manage to get was just putting them
into a squad seen what school I probably
make with them till have you enjoyed
being on today's video yeah he's very
convincing she got me tons of blue she's
got me balaa see who's I don't know if
he's still extinct do you know what to
think means when you're doing but in
FIFA terms don't worry about it and we
got back on my match a decent pool we
got some other place I'd toss into which
I forgot to show you guys but yeah
anyway if you have enjoyed this don't
forget to smash that thumbs up button
that be greatly appreciated until when
will we see them again digger next time
guys take care low i ha